This is homework 6 for Interactive Computer Graphics, by Shangqi Wu.

This program is developed with the virtual machine provided by this course. 

To compile this program, please use the makefile and type "make" in command line. Executable file will be named "hw6". Command "make clean" can remove the executable file.

To run this program, please type "./hw6" in command line. It asks you to type input smf file first, e.g., you can type "bound-cow.smf". I have packed some smf file in this tar file. please type the name of file you want. For better parallel projection, if you want to test with other smf file from website, please use files whose names start with "bound-". This program successfully fulfills all requirements in the homework instructions. It displays the object while rotating the camera view. 

Default view: 
Once input file is successfully loaded, it will generate a window with black background with object in the center. It performs perspective projection, while camera starts from the front of the object (0, 0, 1), rotating counter-clockwise with radius of 1. There are 2 light sources, the blue one is moving with camera, while the yellow one can rotate around the object, by pressing 'y' or 'r' at height of 1. Material is white plastic. 

Menu instruction: 
There are 4 submenus, one is for start/stop camera and light rotation, the second one is for changing projection mode between perspective and parallel, the third one is for selecting material, and the last one is for light color. You can make desired change by clicking menu options. You can change the light to white through the menu so that it is more convenient to check difference among all materials. 

Keyboard instruction:
Camera control:
'w': Increase height of camera.
's': Decrease height of camera.
'a': Increase orbit radius of camera.
'd': Decrease orbit radius of camera.
'e': Increase speed of camera rotation when rotating counter-clockwise, while decreasing speed when rotating clockwise.
'q': Decrease speed of camera rotation when rotating counter-clockwise, while decreasing speed when rotating clockwise. 
Light source 2 control:
'y': Rotate light source counter-clockwise.
'r': Rotate light source clockwise.
't': Increase height of rotating light source.
'g': Decrease height of rotating light source.
'f': Increase orbit radius of rotating light source.
'h': Decrease orbit radius of rotating light source. 
'v': Double delta of rotating step.
'c': Half delta of rotating step.
'u': Double delta of height changing step.
'j': Half delta of height changing step.

Please note that about changing camera rotation speed:
The default dt is 0.01, it can be added or subtracted by 0.0025. So if you press 'q' for 4 times, it will stop rotation because dt is now 0. If you press 'q' one more time, it will rotate clockwise since dt now is negative and it will rotate faster by pressing 'q'. You can make it rotate counter-clockwise again by pressing 'e'. This is in part of my design to make it possible to rotate both 2 directions. 

